'delia-introduce' (#51)
osscameroon/osscameroon-blog: content/post/contributors/patricia_tchuegno.md

---
title: "Delia_pixel"
date: 2022-01-04T13:46:09+01:00
authors: ["Patricia Tchuegno"]
---

> Hello, i'm Patricia Tchuegno, Sofware developper. I'm passionated of making beautiful websites. That's why i usually work on the front end side. But i also like writing algoritm and solving problems. So i can work on the backend side also. I have skills in digital marketing and want to learn more about Data Science. I used to code with AngularJs, ReactJs, Html, css, Javascript, Jquery, Bootstrap, Laravel, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello, I'm Patricia Tchuegno, Sofware developper. I'm passionate about making beautiful websites. That's why I usually work on the front end side. But I also like writing algorithms and solving problems. So I can work on the back end side also. I have skills in digital marketing and want to learn more about Data Science. I used to code with AngularJs, ReactJs, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery, Bootstrap, Laravel, etc.
```

> By now i really want to perform my skills in programming to add my value and have more experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By now I really want to perform my skills in programming to add my value and have more experience.
```

> By now

You meant "But now"?

> perform my skills

You meant "perfect" maybe?

> By now I really want to perform my skills in programming to add my value and have more experience.

Reviewer: > By now I really want to perform my skills in programming to add my value and have more experience.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;^
This doesn't make much sense, you meant "perfect" maybe?
